Update section with new tabbed view for complex records (#1002)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/record-editor.markdown

![Select Record Type](/files/rec-editor-new-record.png)

> ## Simple record form

Reviewer: Can we call it "Simple editor" as in the UI?

Reviewer 2: Missed that. +1 on it.

> ## Simple record form

Author: ```suggestion
## Simple editor
```

In most cases, you'll be asked to provide a _Name_, a _TTL_, and the content for the record.

- _Name_: This is the record hostname. Leave it blank to configure a record for the root domain. Otherwise, enter the subdomain part for a different hostname. You can also enter an `*` for a wildcard record.

- _TTL_: TTL stands for Time-to-Live. It determines how long a DNS lookup for that record can be cached. The default value is 1 hour (3600 seconds), but you can adjust it by selecting a different value from the select field.

Enter the required infomation and press <label>Add Record</label> to create the record.

## Record fields editor

Some DNS record types count with a special form that breaks up the record content's parts into separate fields. This forms provides enhanced error messages that will help address any issues with them.

> You can always switch back to the simple record editor using the tabs on top. This can be useful when trying to paste DNS record content provided by a third-party service provider.

Author: ```suggestion
You can always switch back to the simple editor using the tabs on top. This can be useful when trying to paste DNS record content provided by a third-party service provider.
```

> ## Record fields editor
> 
> Some DNS record types count with a special form that breaks up the record content's parts into separate fields. This forms provides enhanced error messages that will help address any issues with them.
> 
> You can always switch back to the simple editor using the tabs on top. This can be useful when trying to paste DNS record content provided by a third-party service provider.
> 
> ![Simple editor tab](/files/rec-editor-simple-editor-tab.png)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Record fields editor

Some DNS record types count with a special form that breaks the record content's parts into separate fields. This form provides enhanced error messages that will help address any issues with them.

You can always switch back to the simple editor using the tabs on top. This can be useful when pasting DNS record content from a third-party service provider.

![Simple editor tab](/files/rec-editor-simple-editor-tab.png)

```
Grammarly suggestions
